docs: added note about awaiting `useLazyFetch` (#30171)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/2.composables/use-lazy-fetch.md

`useLazyFetch` has the same signature as [`useFetch`](/docs/api/composables/use-fetch).
::

::note

> Awaiting `useLazyFetch` in this mode only ensures the call is initialized; data will be fetched client-side after navigation and may not be immediately available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Awaiting `useLazyFetch` in this mode only ensures the call is initialized. On client-side navigation, data may not be immediately available, and you should make sure to handle the pending state in your app.
```
